camera interface justification added, battery test added, wifi test updated (#61)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/design/3_1_1_video_capture.tex

Another consideration for the subsystem involved utilizing a USB webcam -- connecting it via the Raspberry Pi's USB port. The issue with this option is the inferior configurability of the webcam compared to the Raspberry Pi camera. The reconfigurability provided by the 'picamera' Python package, as previously noted, made the Rasberry Pi Camera a better solution suited to the client's needs.

> A possible alternative explored for camera interface was the RS-232 interface. The RS-232 interface is an easy to build serial interface. It is widely used in communication area, however, its low data transfer rate limits both the resolution and frame rate of the video footage that can be captured. The highest baud rate of the RS-232 interface is about 115200 bits per second. Which translates to frame rate of 0.05 fps for a 480p video footage (violating constraint \textbf{NF.CM.3}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A possible alternative explored for the camera interface was RS-232. The RS-232 interface is a commonly used, easy to integrate serial interface. It is widely used in the communications area, however, its low data transfer rate limits both the resolution and frame rate of the video footage that can be captured. The highest (reliable) baud rate of the RS-232 interface is approximately 115200 bits per second -- this translates to a frame rate of 0.05 fps for 480p video footage (violating constraint \textbf{NF.CM.3}).
```
